fix(pulse):Adding pulse post for Lf modems (#186)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2021-10-12-Subnero-Long-Range-Modems.md

---
layout: post
title: Introducing Subnero Long Range Modems

> banner : images/banner-multichannel.jpg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
banner : images/banner-silver-l5l.jpg
```

date:  2021-10-12
categories: wnc news
thumbnail: images/pulse-lf-modem.jpg
---

<div style="display: flex;flex-wrap:wrap;">
    <div style="flex:50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/thumbnail-wnc-l5lse4.png" style='width:60%;border:1px solid #555'>
    <p>WNC-L5LSS3 (Standalone Configuration)</p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex:50%;">
    <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/thumbnail-wnc-l5lss4.png" style='width:60%;border:1px solid #555'>
    <p>WNC-L5LSE3 (Embedded Configuration)</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="spacing"></div>

> Subnero’s [L5L series](https://subnero.com/products/modem.html?&section=L5Lseries) long-range modems provide the capability to communicate underwater over 20 km in some of the most challenging underwater environments with data rates up to 100 bps, in a compact form factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to launch the new long-range modems. The [L5L series](https://subnero.com/products/modem.html?&section=L5Lseries) long-range modems provide the capability to communicate underwater over 20 km in some of the most challenging underwater environments with data rates up to 100 bps, in a compact form factor.
```

## APPLICATION DIVERSITY
Ideal for applications such as passive acoustic monitoring, water quality monitoring, long range AUV command and control, seismic monitoring.

## SOFTWARE-DEFINED CORE
Users can fully configure the modulation and FEC parameters along with support for arbitrary waveform transmission and recording, through UnetStack APIs.

## SEAMLESS INTEGRATION
L5L series modems supports seamless integration with Subnero's M25M series modems to build true heterogenous networks.

> We hope you find our long range modems exciting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> We love to hear from you. Let us know your thoughts and comments through info@subnero.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact us at info@subnero.com for more details.
```
